hello there will be the first attempt today
recordings from a tripod review so in frame
will be the main stomach I immediately apologize
for this but the first damn lump today I
I will tell you about the bicycle states each
cedar you in 2012
yes i am than a cheat sheet in general this is one of
budget 27 speed bikes
collected chic frame and bedinge
tiller pipe
novel to the net and in principle for these
money and at the time of purchase it was
15,000 rubles
success is just perfect transmission
yes teras kasi as where I speak
olive m 330 in general is the camp of olivia
go speed
i am now putting on a large part
budget tippet if followed my
channel on youtube and forget slurry
review on tactics hydraulics drive of the past
Year of release
he was assembled by the nation m 390 too 27
speeds but olive moh and fixing not
differs in characteristics from dior and
the simplest assessment just i was afraid of water
and mud problem livia no any
conditions handed over to be just fine
for 300 kopecks never
serviced and and set up nothing
did coins also olivia f430
very good coin switching
speeds provides instant too
claims no no unless not
very appropriate see the switch
here is suntour
sorry sunrise in d 8 in general it
rather, 8 speed is this part than 9
but just finish includes normal
also there were no problems just not morally
The kit here is very durable
double rims i will even tell you what abada
abada wyman xtb 26 but from the war and
pistoning
I Pavel shook the garden and half a meter 80
centimeters they
Eight did not appear that is to drink these
he is not there and I weigh 100 people tight
kilogram so everything is very cool
I liked the tires
Thanks to the manufacturer tomorrow that they are
stood the same as covered
budget secret kenda tire to network
27 26 inches on 1 and 95 neck
wonderful tenacious nickname excellent
behave on asphalt just actually
do not make noise go very quietly and at the same time
cling well on the ground and us loose
surfaces on clay on dirt
congestion in front of excellent tires
mild tay on i'm all just great
some positive emotions in general
systems with cumbersome costs 42 teeth
2 aluminum system budget
plastic pedals but comfortable tread
ki flat on gas is not worth well
nowhere slides off very skits
you pay attention to the pedals but
the spire breaks out safely it's not
very nice this time no one will
but these are complete pedals
again we will not find fault quite good
complete saddle quite comfortable for
skating
100 kilometers in one run without problems
you can not go and you have them right
sad i didn't like it and not at all
I like to install the Adyg brake
on the tactic of last year by hydra drives
there were bengalovs little known
brakes so here is little known
tom eatery worked much better
than
known to all with these brakes
tektro hdc 300 honeycomb 160 millimeters
honestly mich drives worked
much better than this hydraulics so
I have no complaints about this
displeased there are no adjustments
cannot be made living under the stratum
big enough brakes
work nominally rent and you can live but
even in klim front wheel to put
push hard on the brake lever
displeased with the brakes displeased
thorough
I almost forgot to tell you about the plug I
already finished poppin assembled tripod
drove away from that place remembered along the way and
feelings write and still need a fork here
Sandu Russian installed xml about children 80
millimeter stroke with a good plug
adjustment is not very distinct and if
honestly I twisted back and forth but did not understand
strong difference but the block is working
just fine I rolled on similar trees
a little cheaper there when locking the plug
anyway remains the stroke centimeter or
one and a half centimeters is wrong here
locked state Dimka becomes
tough it is very good and there is a ride on
the highway immediately felt the difference in
efforts are blocking the plug and I can immediately
go to the board is higher familiarize
visit 80 percent gain efficiency
Adventures in my approximate calculations
and it is very good
the plug really works it
myagenkaya from working fine bumps
drops to half a meter
calmly reach 80 centimeters until it clicks
cut the plug but the plug is not
designed for it after all cross-country
on they shredded i fork in this
picking plug excellent matched
almost perfect look passed 300
kilometers like i said this andy
principle to him
virtually no claims
it brakes the rest is simple
wonderful
for 15 and a half thousand rubles in retail
just great bike about anything even
argue budget 27 speed
bike with great frame great
coasting, I do not do advertising
really my opinion bike
just wonderful single
huge request to the manufacturer change
there are brakes on it
either put
I do not know any adjustment
just not serious for the money tyrym
yes they work but I would like better
all the same hydraulics alone expect
more
can I say it again for three hundred
Kilometers bicycle everything perfectly showed
no problems with him everything was just
great if any questions
leave in the comments subscribe
channel like everyone see you soon
meeting